Document using node.js modules in Snaps (#1238)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: snaps/learn/about-snaps/execution-environment.md

This environment does not have a DOM, Node.js built-ins, or platform-specific APIs other than the
default `snap` global and MetaMask's `ethereum` global.

The execution environment is designed to:

- Prevent Snaps from polluting the global environment.
- Prevent malicious Snaps from stealing from users.
- Prevent Snaps from accessing sensitive JavaScript global APIs (such as `fetch`) without permission.
- Be "fully virtualizable," or platform-independent.

> This allows you to safely execute Snaps anywhere, without the Snap needing to worry about where and

Reviewer: I think uses anthropomorphism (e.g. worry). Maybe the following instead?

```suggestion
This ensures that Snaps can be executed safely in any environment, without needing to consider their execution context or method.
```
